hi Rosie friends it's Julie and it is
Saturday night and it's at the end of
the night and I'm very tired but this is
the time of the week that I actually go
through an additional skincare process
to help take care of my rosacea prone
skin so I thought I would go through the
entire routine that i go through every
saturday night to take extra care of my
skin it just gives a little bit of extra
cleaning a little bit of extra hydration
and just a little bit of extra home to
help to take care of things make sure
that it's really clean any build-up from
the week has been removed and then that
it is really nourished to get the week
started again as of tomorrow morning so
here is my routine and i'll speak
through the whole thing i'm just going
to go through it all and then but i'll
speed through it on the screen for you
in fast motion and hopefully this look
you
that's all I do and now all I have to do
is brush my teeth and I'm headed to bed
so um yeah so i hope you liked this
video i hope it helped you and help you
show you kind of sort of things that you
can do to still pamper your skin and
give it a really great treatment at the
end of the week as you saw i went from a
full face of makeup too well it's it's
red now because I've only just washed my
face but I went from a full face of
makeup to completely clean treated and
even applied on moisture mask to help to
rehydrate my skin so um that took very
little time at all and it was really
easy and it felt great and relaxing and
um yeah so I hope that helped you I hope
it entertained you a little bit if it
did please give it a thumbs up and if
you want to see more videos like this I
make videos every Sunday and Thursday so
please subscribe to my channel that I
will see you next time